                                   README
                     JPad, the Cross-Platform ASCII editor
                                Version 1.0

   * Introduction
   * Installation
   * Features
   * System Requirements
   * Source Code
   * Known Bugs
   * Uninstallation

Introduction

   Thank you for downloading this release of the JPad, the Cross-
   Platform ASCII editor. 

Installation

   The complete JPad is composed of the JPad Software plus the
   Online Documentation.
   To install the software just unzip the file JPad.zip using
   WinZip for Windows platform or unzip tool in Linux/Unix.
   Please refer to LICENSE.TXT for terms of use.

Features

   The JPad editor offers significant improvements to its earlier version.
   It shows the file read status.New improved easy to use Help system.
   And customize the look and feel, background and font style and color.
   Also in this version you can set the tabsize and tips on status bar.
   It can be run independent of underlying Hardware or Software.

System Requirements

   To run the JPad editor you need to have minimum Java2(TM)(1.2.2 or higher)
   or equivalent runtime environment. It cannot be run in a web browser.
   The Java2(TM) software can be freely downloaded from web.
   For more details go to http://java.sun.com/

   The Java2(TM) SDK software is now available for most platforms.

   On all systems you should have about 60 KB of free disk space
   before attempting to install the JPad software. If you also
   install the Java2(TM) software, you need an additional 65 megabytes
   of free disk space.

Source Code

   Source code is included in this software, please read the terms of use
   as in LICENSE.TXT.

Known Bugs

   The last edited text not discarded from the UndoManager. When you open a file
   or create a new file and click Undo the last edited text is printed.
   If you have any suggestions for this bug, please give me a mail.

Uninstallation

   Simply remove the directory, where JPad is installed.


------------------------------------------------------------------------
The JPad editor designed and developed by HariKrishna. 
For more Information e-mail: hari_8@yahoo.com